in_statsd: Add a description for Metrics parameter (#1542)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/statsd.md

| Listen | Listener network interface. | 0.0.0.0 |
| Port | UDP port where listening for connections | 8125 |
| Threaded | Indicates whether to run this input in its own [thread](../../administration/multithreading.md#inputs). | `false` |

> | Metrics | Ingest as metrics type of events. | `off` |

Reviewer: So I think this means when we ingest records they will be marked as a metrics type rather than a logs type right?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Metrics | Ingested record will be marked as a metric record rather than a log record. | `off` |
```

> Note: When enabling `Metrics On`, the DogStatsD protocol of metrics can be handled.

Reviewer: Can we add examples with and without?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: When enabling `Metrics On`, we will also handle metrics from the DogStatsD protocol and the internal record in Fluent Bit will be handled as a metric type for downstream processing.
```

> Including key-value format of tags:

Reviewer: Can we link out to the docs for the definition?

Author: Added in https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit-docs/pull/1542/commits/97c73c67311408ddaaf97a1e59e5524e199dab1b.

`<METRIC_NAME>:<VALUE>|<TYPE>|@<SAMPLE_RATE>|#<TAG_KEY_1>:<TAG_VALUE_1>`

> Events and ServiceChecks format are not supported yet with `Metrics On`.

Reviewer: What are these? Can we link to their definition?

Author: I added links for those of definitions: https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit-docs/pull/1542/commits/97c73c67311408ddaaf97a1e59e5524e199dab1b

| Listen | Listener network interface. | 0.0.0.0 |
| Port | UDP port where listening for connections | 8125 |
| Threaded | Indicates whether to run this input in its own [thread](../../administration/multithreading.md#inputs). | `false` |
| Metrics | Ingested record will be marked as a metric record rather than a log record. | `off` |

Note: When enabling `Metrics On`, we will also handle metrics from the DogStatsD protocol and the internal record in Fluent Bit will be handled as a metric type for downstream processing.
[The full format of DogStatsD of metrics](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/dogstatsd/datagram_shell/?tab=metrics#the-dogstatsd-protocol) is not supported.
Including key-value format of tags as below is supported:

> `<METRIC_NAME>:<VALUE>|<TYPE>|@<SAMPLE_RATE>|#<TAG_KEY_1>:<TAG_VALUE_1>`

Reviewer: Can we add some example output as well showing what this would look like to stdout?

Author: Added in https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit-docs/pull/1542/commits/20d10609d9210d05553ee2571dbd988c5a3829e3.
